---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Progress in Programming Report
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-05-09
labels:
  - Progress in Programming Report
---


So far in the semester I honestly think I haven't been doing the best. I've fallen behind greatly on my WODs and I'm not even sure if I have a passing grade. This is definitely my fault as I have put them on the side instead of doing them right from the start. Other than that, for assignments and most labs I think I have done okay. I think the main thing that deters me from doing the WODs are the screencasts.

1. My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways: 
    In terms of my programming skills I think I have improved greatly with JS and HTML. My JSON definitely still needs some work and I'll try to put in some hours in the off time to make sure that I am better. After talking with some professionals I've decided to mainly focus on Python *even though that's not what we're doing in this class* in order to give me a little lead against my competition when looking for jobs in the future.

2. I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills: 
    The first thing I need to improve on is my time management. It's not like I do much honestly. I have one class on Monday and Wednesday and four on Tuesday / Thursday. Between that I work 5 days and I'm on board for a club. I need to be more on point with my time blocking in order to excel in my classes and honestly this semester I haven't. I'm not sure if I'm just making excuses but it's very difficult for me to stay engaged during lectures and classes when I'm in the comfort of my home. I just feel so lazy. When I'm on campus it's a different story. I can't just lax off and play video games before / after class. I can go to the Library or talk to classmates to collaborate on work. This semester I can't which has been pretty tough for me.

3. I can do the WODs without looking at the screencast solutions first.
    For the WODs that I did do, I could. The current WODs though, probably not to be honest. Like I stated earlier, I'm pretty far behind in terms of my WODs and although I do attend class and do the Labs, my reading beforehand is minute. I have to be better.

4. The labs have helped me to learn and I am able to complete them with confidence.
    I agree with this. The labs are very helpful and interesting to do. It's also great when Professor Port does it with us and explains what he's doing. I'm a visual learner, so seeing it happen in front of me and having someone explain it does wonders. Then I get to do it myself and get the little joy of typing out code that works, that's the best.

5. I feel ready I am ready to work on the next stage of complexity in programming (building small web applications like Assignment 1).
  I feel ready for this in a sense that I think my work for Assignment 1 was the to the best of my ability so far. I'm excited for Assignment 2, albeit a bit nervous, but I think that I can do it. It's also awesome that Professor Port emails within 24 hrs so that I have time to fix anything that I'm having issues with. 

6. I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
    I think the class is pretty great overall. The only issues I've come across are of my own accord. If I actually spent more time focusing on my work I'm sure I would have excelled with the way that Daniel has taught this course so far. 

7. These are things that work really well for my learning in this class:
    Like I said earlier, having Daniel explain the code while we're working on labs definitely helps. It also helps to read the readings beforehand. It's kinda like doing a quick flip of a recipe in a cookbook and then actually cooking after. It's a little difficult at first but once you do it a couple of times you can do it without looking. I feel like that's how coding is for the most part. It's just hours of practice -- you're literally learning a language. 