---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 2 Reflection
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-05-09
labels:
  - Assignment 2 Reflection
---

1. What did you learn from this assignment?
 - From this assignment I learned that it is very important to thoroughly test your code after every line change. This is because if you write too much code and try to run the program, if you run into an error you will not be sure what exactly caused it.
2. Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).
 - I did not work with a partner.
3. How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?
 - I got help from former classmates that I took this class with before. I also received great insight on my project from Professor Port. I plan on resubmitting by the end of the day today. 
4. How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?
 - Developing this assignment was a lot more difficult than assignment 1 because the requirements were a lot more tedious to get done. I believe that the first Assignment was just the skeleton, now we're working on the the insides. 
5. Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
 - I think I spent 30% of time thinking about how to do some things, 40% writing code and 30% testing and debugging. I think testing and debugging will get longer as I try to perfect the assignment. 
6. Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?
 - I think some stuff that worked well with this project are that a lot of the things I did in the previous assignment were easily transferable to this one. Some things that didn't work well were things like my sticky forms as well as other little issues that need to be fixed.
7. If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?
 - If I could go back in time I would have definitely attended every class! That has impacted my grade heavily and now I have to play catch up by watching the class recordings.